Fix version copy for missing cli (#958)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Fix bug where version information does not copy when the CLI is missing. [#958](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/958)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where copying the version information fails when a CodeQL CLI cannot be found. [#958](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/958)
```
